C++/Docs: release notes for IR taint tracking and GVN (#2881)
Semmle/ql: change-notes/1.24/analysis-cpp.md

  the following improvements:
  * The library now models data flow through `strdup` and similar functions.
  * The library now models data flow through formatting functions such as `sprintf`.

> * The security pack taint tracking library (`semmle.code.cpp.security.TaintTracking`) uses a new intermediate representation. This provides a more precise analysis of pointers to stack variables and flow through parameters, removing false positives and adding true positives in many security queries.

Reviewer: Possibly worth simplifying the second sentence to:

```suggestion
* The security pack taint tracking library (`semmle.code.cpp.security.TaintTracking`) uses a new intermediate representation. This provides a more precise analysis of pointers to stack variables and flow through parameters, improving the results of many security queries.
```
